README.md, before:

# 🌀 Vortex CLI

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/assets/banner.png" alt="Vortex Banner" width="600px">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/vortex"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/vortex?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm" alt="NPM Version"></a>
  <a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Fair_Source-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="License: Fair Source"></a>
  <a href="https://latex.taptapp.xyz"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Engine-Tectonic-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust" alt="Tachyon-Tex Engine"></a>
  <a href="https://latex.taptapp.xyz"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Latency-%3C1s-green?style=for-the-badge" alt="Real-time Latency"></a>
</p>

---

**Vortex CLI** is an ultra-fast, cloud-powered LaTeX compiler designed for developers who value speed and simplicity. Say goodbye to heavy local TeX distributions like TeXLive or MikTeX. Compile your documents in the cloud with sub-second latency and real-time feedback.

---

## 🚀 Key Features

*   **⚡ Lightning Fast**: Powered by the Rust-based Tectonic engine, optimized for "moonshot" speed.
*   **📦 Zero-Config**: No local dependencies required. Just run and compile.
*   **👀 Smart Watch Mode**: Automatically detects changes in `.tex`, `.bib`, `.sty`, and even **images** (`.png`, `.jpg`, `.jpeg`) to recompile in milliseconds.
*   **🔍 Intelligent Validation**: Pre-flight checks on the API to catch syntax errors before the full compilation process.
*   **📂 Recursive Project Support**: Handles complex multi-file projects, including nested asset folders.

---

## 🧠 How it Works

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/assets/flow.png" alt="Vortex Workflow" width="700px">
</p>

1.  **Local Scan**: Vortex recursively discovers all required assets (TeX, styles, images) in your project.
2.  **Pre-flight Audit**: Sends a lightweight version to the `/validate` endpoint for immediate syntax feedback.
3.  **Cloud Compilation**: Ships project files via high-speed multipart streams to the **Tachyon-Tex** cloud infrastructure.
4.  **Instant Sync**: Downloads and saves the resulting PDF locally, reflecting changes almost instantly.

---

## 📦 Installation

Install the CLI globally via NPM:

```bash
npm install -g @srsergio/vortex
```

*(Alternatively, you can clone and link it manually)*

```bash
git clone https://github.com/srsergiolazaro/vortex.git
cd vortex
npm install
npm link
```

---

## 🛠️ Usage

### Quick Start
Compile the folder containing your root LaTeX file:

```bash
vortex ./my-project
```

### Custom Output
Define a specific filename for your generated PDF:

```bash
vortex ./my-project --output thesis_final.pdf
```

### Development (Live Recompilation)
The `--watch` flag monitors your directory and recompiles instantly on any save:

```bash
vortex ./my-project --watch
```

---

## 📡 Infrastructure & API

Vortex serves as the official CLI client for the **Tachyon-Tex** infrastructure:

*   **Endpoint**: `https://latex.taptapp.xyz`
*   **Engine**: Tectonic (Rust / XeTeX)
*   **Privacy**: Stateless and ephemeral. Project data is processed in-memory and never stored.

---

## ⚖️ License

This project is licensed under the **Fair Source License**.
*   **Individual/Small Teams**: Free to use for individuals and organizations with up to 3 concurrent users.
*   **Enterprise/Large Scale**: For use beyond 3 users, please contact us for a commercial license.

For more details, see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file.

---

Built with ❤️ by the **Tachyon-Tex** team. Optimized for modern LaTeX workflows.

Commit message:

chore: prepare v1.0.1 for qtex branding

README.md, after:

# 🌀 qtex CLI

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/assets/banner.png" alt="Vortex Banner" width="600px">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/qtex"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/qtex?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm" alt="NPM Version"></a>
  <a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Fair_Source-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="License: Fair Source"></a>
  <a href="https://latex.taptapp.xyz"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Engine-Tectonic-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust" alt="Tachyon-Tex Engine"></a>
  <a href="https://latex.taptapp.xyz"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Latency-%3C1s-green?style=for-the-badge" alt="Real-time Latency"></a>
</p>

---

**qtex CLI** is an ultra-fast, cloud-powered LaTeX compiler designed for developers who value speed and simplicity. Say goodbye to heavy local TeX distributions like TeXLive or MikTeX. Compile your documents in the cloud with sub-second latency and real-time feedback.

---

## 🚀 Key Features

*   **⚡ Lightning Fast**: Powered by the Rust-based Tectonic engine, optimized for "moonshot" speed.
*   **📦 Zero-Config**: No local dependencies required. Just run and compile.
*   **👀 Smart Watch Mode**: Automatically detects changes in `.tex`, `.bib`, `.sty`, and even **images** (`.png`, `.jpg`, `.jpeg`) to recompile in milliseconds.
*   **🔍 Intelligent Validation**: Pre-flight checks on the API to catch syntax errors before the full compilation process.
*   **📂 Recursive Project Support**: Handles complex multi-file projects, including nested asset folders.

---

## 🧠 How it Works

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/assets/flow.png" alt="qtex Workflow" width="700px">
</p>

1.  **Local Scan**: qtex recursively discovers all required assets (TeX, styles, images) in your project.
2.  **Pre-flight Audit**: Sends a lightweight version to the `/validate` endpoint for immediate syntax feedback.
3.  **Cloud Compilation**: Ships project files via high-speed multipart streams to the **Tachyon-Tex** cloud infrastructure.
4.  **Instant Sync**: Downloads and saves the resulting PDF locally, reflecting changes almost instantly.

---

## 📦 Installation

Install the CLI globally via NPM:

```bash
npm install -g qtex
```

*(Alternatively, you can clone and link it manually)*

```bash
git clone https://github.com/srsergiolazaro/qtex.git
cd qtex
npm install
npm link
```

---

## 🛠️ Usage

### Quick Start
Compile the folder containing your root LaTeX file:

```bash
qtex ./my-project
```

### Custom Output
Define a specific filename for your generated PDF:

```bash
qtex ./my-project --output thesis_final.pdf
```

### Development (Live Recompilation)
The `--watch` flag monitors your directory and recompiles instantly on any save:

```bash
qtex ./my-project --watch
```

---

## 📡 Infrastructure & API

qtex serves as the official CLI client for the **Tachyon-Tex** infrastructure:

*   **Endpoint**: `https://latex.taptapp.xyz`
*   **Engine**: Tectonic (Rust / XeTeX)
*   **Privacy**: Stateless and ephemeral. Project data is processed in-memory and never stored.

---

## ⚖️ License

This project is licensed under the **Fair Source License**.
*   **Individual/Small Teams**: Free to use for individuals and organizations with up to 3 concurrent users.
*   **Enterprise/Large Scale**: For use beyond 3 users, please contact us for a commercial license.

For more details, see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file.

---

Built with ❤️ by the **Tachyon-Tex** team. Optimized for modern LaTeX workflows.
